NAME- DISHA BARANWAL

Ques1. What is your understanding about blockchain?
Ans1. Blockchain is a system of keeping records of data in a manner that no one can alter or hack the data and there is no influence of the third party.
      The data is much secured and safe. This was introduced after the international crisis of 2008 when the bank "LEHMANN BROS" got bankrupted. 
      This was done in order to make peer-to-peer transactions. It was first introduced by Satoshi Nakamoto in his article "Bitcoin:a peer to peer electronic cash 
      system" which was published on 31st october,2008. Even today, nobody knows about this person,people don't even know whether it is a person or a name of a
      community. Each block has its own hash depending on the data. If the data is slightly changed then the hash will change completely.
      
Ques2. What is the main problem blockchain tried to  solve?
Ans2. After 2008 crisis,the main  problem was the internet being not so secured platform to work on. There were some demerits of using internet like authenticity,
      security, and the third party being able to access the data. Therefore, there was a need of a more secured network to assure the relevant use of data.
      
Ques3. What are the features of blockchain?
Ans3. The data cannot be hacked or misused.
      The data cannot be changed.
      It is tamper-proof.
      Security boost bis huge.
      It is decentralised i.e. there is no third party can be involved.
      High data verifiability and transparency.
      
Ques4. What are the things that a block should contain?
Ans4. A block should contain-
      block number
      transaction records
      previous block signature
      mining key.
      
Ques5. How is the verifiability of the blockchain attained?
Ans5. Each block has its own signature(hash) which gets altered when someone is trying to play with data. Every individual involved in this blockchain will have the 
      same data as well as signature. If by chance someone's signature is different from the rest ones then the person can easily check where his data is different.
      
      
      
